My name is Karen Malone and I was born in Iowa but I was raised all over because my dad was in the military
When I think about Karen and how she came in the truth that touches my heart because she had no family in the truth and in fact
They didn't support her at all
Once I knew who Jehovah was I made it a goal in my life that I just wanted to serve him forever
And I wanted to be happy doing it. I met Karen at Bethel
She was special pioneering in Tennessee and I was serving at Bethel and she came through on tour
A year later or so we got married and then nine months later we went back to Bethel
Well in 1980 we left Bethel. We had our daughter that year
It changed things, but you just give your energy and your love and your time and to whatever assignment Jehovah gives us
She would take the kids out with her in the field ministry during a week and she always made it fun
That was one of the things
That was important to her that when the kids went in the field ministry that they enjoyed it. It's just a matter of
Blooming where you're planted wherever you're at
We didn't ever walk into a congregation and expect people to come up to us
We'd be proactive in meeting people and trying to become a part of wherever we were put
So that could become our home
It's just loving them if they needed soup. We'd make soup if they needed a meal if they needed their house cleaned
If they needed a babysitter if there was a need we wanted to help them with it
There's so many challenges in life that try to rob us of our peace and
It's our choice if we let them
so
We don't let them we were invited back to bustle in 2007 and we've been there since I
Came into a beautiful department health care department
With people that were experts at it
To bloom where I was planted when I was put in front of these two computer screens took a lot of prayer
And I remember literally going to the bathroom and crying and telling Jehovah look I
Know you can part the Red Sea
You're gonna have to get this information from here to here because I was a blank paint and
Then beautiful because I
Too precious sisters body and Zuma that I still treasure and work with they helped me and they taught me
You know the expression if you can't change your circumstance change your attitude
So I really made it a matter of prayer and again
I had wonderful helpers that taught me and helped me to learn
When I first learned the truth I realized that there's scriptures that teaches the truth and
Then there's scriptures that will keep us in the truth and I call those my heart scriptures
And those are are my to go to scriptures when things were rough when I was dealing with things when
Something was trying to rob me in my joy. I'd refer to those heart scriptures and they would reinforce
The conviction that oh no, you're not gonna win Satan
My
Favorite scripture that I think epitomizes that is Proverbs 27 and 11 which we all know where it says be wise
My son and make my heart rejoice so that I can make a reply to him who taunts me
That's what it's all about is about Jehovah's name and to make a reply to the devil
His sovereignty is what's important. It's not about us
We really love being parents loved pioneering together
We've loved every
gift that we've been given I
Tell my kids each day we live as a gift from God
How we live it is our gift to him
The truth is only hard if we fight it if we listen to Jehovah if we do what we're asked the blessings will catch up with us
The best day we could have here and we know we've all had wonderful days
Is nothing in comparison to the first day in the new world
It's such an amazing thought to think that all we have to do is make good choices now and we're gonna be there